Superhero? oh!, oh
Ah And like, DC or Marvel? DC um
See, Loki, I only care about Batman in the entirety of the DC, like...
Fragile.
Oh, I love those! See I love that he only cares about Batman and his family
Everybody else can low-key just like disappear laboratory can
So technically he has four.
Five cannons on it. There's his oldest, they craze
He only he has one biological son. What biological?
Huh, No, it's like it's kind of a joke where everybody's like, oh he just takes in children like he will
Hero kidnaps them.
Literally, that's how it happens every time he's like Batman. He finds a kid on the street. And then
Oh, you're poor and you're also like ah underprivileged I'm gonna
Adopt you now. You have no choice.
Huhu, not low-key, because his basement is a bathtub.
And a lot of people like to also consider
all the other younger kids that he like interacts with are also his children, so
If you consider the fanbase, they're like 20 children, basically. 20 children.
There's only one character? Ohh!......
yeah
Does you like the TV shows?
Like, WandaVision and, like, animals and TV shows.
I know, they're all locked behind Disney+,
Huh, huh, ha. They're like, it's not our problem. Oh yeah.
mmhmm
They like then,
Deterbication. And she just scared ***, your size, yes..
Only am, so I'm
Honestly, lowkey, I think it's
Marvel has it best when it comes to movies? Not right now, but..
before, like and then, but like
When it comes to like series, I think DC kind of has it in the bag.
Because DC focuses.
Like the movies suck. I watched a few Batman movies.
The only one i like is Robert Pattinson and is like
Because they didn't focus on the fact that he's Batman. They actually like the story.
mm, It's like, what was it, 2022? Yeah, 2022.
Not that one, it's only featuring Batman.
And ah whatever.
Yeah, I heard about that one too. I think that's maybe the sequel.
Cuz they're gonna add on to it. But
The movie is just it is sucks so bad.
I I watched a few of them, especially like The Flash.
What is it? The Justice League?
And I watched them, it's like, one, the action's really bad, two...
Their power scaling is crazy. Like they're either like weak or like really weak.
oh really strong when they need to be. And it's like, so entertaining.
you
You know Green Lantern? He Green lantern is limited
Fine imagination, But all he does is like
Gun? Yeah fly and gun and that's about it or giant rock and roll
You could you could literally do anything
like a wall sometimes, a wall or a boulder.
And it's really boring, and it's really sad. So that's why I'm
So, The live-action ones, especially the live-action movies.
They're really bad. I don't like the casting. I hate the casting a lot.
bad and the costumes are also really bad
I think I'm just really picky, but I don't like IRL costumes when it comes to superheroes because they never look like
Superheroes. They look like costumes. Like you could tell. uh ha
They don't look real.
Yeah, I know, the moment they actually look good you believe like, yeah, I don't believe this is a costume. I
mmhmm
Oh yeah.
Like for a costume
To be good, I need to be able to watch a movie and not be distracted by the costume and how bad it is.
It it needs to be like oh I cringe at the costume
that's a bad music or it's like oh i'm not even i didn't even notice how bad the costume is
That must be, it just feels magical. Yeah.
That's what like that's what makes a good superhero costume.
They're really good.
Is it Marvel? I've seen... I've seen clips
yeah